I’m really sorry.
- What about?
- My dad.
- Why?
- He’s so embarrassing.
“I know a great song called Ruby.
Where’s my guitar?”
This is my room.
Wow. What a nice poster.
- Do you like auto racing?
- Not really. I just like this race car.
I like it, too.
Ah, I know what I like.
Careful! That chair is ... broken.
Too late!
Wow. I like your backyard.
It’s so big.
Well, it isn’t all our yard.
This part is ours,
but that part is from the house next door.
Our yard is really small.
Well, maybe, but your house is big.
Can we see it?
Sure, come on.
And this is my sister’s room.
It’s nice. I really like it.
And this is the game room.
Table tennis! Cool!
Yeah, let’s play sometime.
Sure. We can do that.
And here’s the living room.
Wow! That’s a big TV!
Yeah, it’s great.
Look at all those DVDs!
I really like your music.
Wow! Coldplay. They’re awesome.
Ed Sheeran! I love his music.
And there’s Lorde. She’s great.
And Lil Wayne!
You have rap music, too. Cool!
This is great music, Tom.
But why do you buy CDs?
You can just download all of this.
Well, it’s not my music.
It’s my dad’s. He likes to listen to CDs.
Your dad’s? Really?
Is your dad a musi...
Ah, there you are. Good.
Now, sit down, sit down.
Dad, please.
Don’t worry. Only one song.
Sit down, please,
I want you all to listen.
Dad, please.
Let’s listen, Tom.
Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby,…
Do you, do you, do you, do you,…
Know what you’re doing, doing to me?
- Tom, your dad is really cool.
- Really?
Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby!
Yeah, he is.